renaming changes (#48)
portiaAI/docs: docs/_lib/_tool-intro-oauth.mdx

## Usage

> All Portia tools using API endpoints that require OAuth are built with plug and play authentication support. They use Portia client credentials including client ID, client name and redirect URL. Such tools will raise a `Action Clarification` with an OAuth link as the action URL. The `portia.wait_for_ready()` method must be used in this scenario: Portia's OAuth server will listen for the authentication result and resolve the concerned clarification, allowing your workflow to resume again.

Reviewer: s/workflow/planRun

> All Portia tools using API endpoints that require OAuth are built with plug and play authentication support. They use Portia client credentials including client ID, client name and redirect URL. Such tools will raise a `Action Clarification` with an OAuth link as the action URL. The `portia.wait_for_ready()` method must be used in this scenario: Portia's OAuth server will listen for the authentication result and resolve the concerned clarification, allowing your workflow to resume again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Portia tools using API endpoints that require OAuth are built with plug and play authentication support. They use Portia client credentials including client ID, client name and redirect URL. Such tools will raise a `Action Clarification` with an OAuth link as the action URL. The `portia.wait_for_ready()` method must be used in this scenario: Portia's OAuth server will listen for the authentication result and resolve the concerned clarification, allowing your plan run to resume again.
```
